the Israeli newspaper haret is reporting
that 5 days before the Army mistakenly
killed three captives it had killed
their Hammer captives let's get more on
this now from Bernard Smith who joins us
live from Tel AV Bernard what more are
we hearing on this
then so Hasam Israeli media is reporting
that Israel's militaries reopened the
investigation into the case uh and
circumstances surrounding the deaths of
those three Israeli captives who were
shot dead by two Israeli soldiers even
though those captives were wearing a
white waving a white flag and it's
transpired now that 5 days before they
were killed uh that on December the 10th
the captives the captors of those
captives were shot dead by the Israeli
military and there was a military dog
involved in the operation that was
wearing a camera the dog was killed
during the operation but nobody looked
at the film that the camera had recorded
on that dog had recorded and it
transpires now that somebody has looked
at the film that the captives were
either seen on the film or heard on the
film so it was known at the time that
they were alive and it seemed they were
alive well they were obviously alive for
5 days between December the 10th and
December the 15th presumably hiding uh
there in Northern Gaza until they felt
it was time to come out and wave that
white flag but that was when as soon as
they did that they were shot dead Veron
thank you Bernard Smith reporting to us
there from Tel
Aviv